TASK: Find and update every remaining place the old rates
appear.

NOTIFICATION TEMPLATES
Grep every Resend email template and WhatsApp Cloud API
template for a commission figure or fee explanation: vendor
application received, vendor approved, onboarding reminders,
weekly payout statement, terms change notice, any vendor
digest. Templates are the classic miss because they are not
rendered in normal development.
Then run the all-template render contract test with a full
fixture, asserting non-empty subject and body and no
unresolved placeholders. A prior audit found no such test
exists; write it if still missing.

SEED AND FIXTURES
prisma/seed.ts, any factory creating commission rows,
Playwright fixtures, API fixtures, mock responses, and the
test identity factory if it creates orders.

TESTS ASSERTING OLD RATES
These will now fail, which is useful. Do NOT blanket-update.
For each, decide and report which category it falls into:
  asserting the engine resolves correctly -> update
  asserting an order keeps its historic rate -> keep 12%, it
    is testing effective dating and must still pass
  a snapshot that captured whatever the number was ->
    replace with an assertion against the rate engine

DOCUMENTATION
docs/OUTSTANDING.md, READMEs, runbooks, the admin /user-guide
page which documents commission rate configuration, the
vendor /user-guide, CONTRIBUTING.md.

ANALYTICS AND REPORTING
Any dashboard, chart or report computing commission or
blended take from a constant rather than from data. Likely:
the admin dashboard, FeastPass health revenue contribution,
vendor acquisition analytics.

FLAG TO THE FOUNDER, OUT OF CODE SCOPE
The revenue architecture model, go-live assessment, growth
playbook and pitch materials all assume 12/10/0-3 and now
overstate revenue. They need revising separately.

FINAL VERIFICATION GREP
  rg -n '\b12(\.0+)?\s*%' apps packages prisma scripts docs
  rg -n '\b0?\.12\b' apps packages prisma scripts
Must return only historic rate rows, migrations and
effective-dating tests. Report every remaining hit with a
justification.

ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA
- No template, fixture, doc or chart states an old rate as
  current.
- Every updated test categorised and justified.
- Final grep returns only legitimate historic references.