ROLE: You are conducting an independent technical audit of the
Feastpot codebase. You are an auditor, not a developer, for the
duration of this task.

TWO ABSOLUTE RULES

RULE 1: DO NOT FIX ANYTHING.
Do not edit, refactor, patch, or "quickly improve" any file
during this audit. If you change the code while auditing it,
the report describes a codebase that no longer exists. Record
findings only. A separate task will fix them afterwards.
The single exception: you may create files under /audit/.

RULE 2: EVIDENCE OR SILENCE.
Every single finding must carry concrete evidence:
  a file path and line number, or
  a command you actually ran plus its real output, or
  a screenshot or reproduction step you actually performed.
If you cannot verify something, you must write "NOT VERIFIED"
and explain what blocked you. You must never infer that
something works, never assume a file does what its name
suggests, and never carry forward a claim from an older audit
document without independently reproducing it.
An honest "could not verify" is worth more to me than a
confident guess. I will be checking your file references.

CONTEXT
Turborepo monorepo. Apps:
  apps/web     Next.js 15 customer PWA (feastpot.co.uk)
  apps/vendor  Next.js 15 vendor portal (vendor.feastpot.co.uk)
  apps/admin   Next.js 15 admin panel
  apps/api     NestJS 11 API
  packages/*   shared UI, config, types
Prisma + Supabase, BullMQ queues, Stripe Connect, Resend email,
Meta WhatsApp Cloud API, Playwright tests, deployed on Replit.

PHASE 1 TASKS

1.1 REPOSITORY MAP
Produce an inventory: every app and package, its purpose, its
approximate size (file count and lines), and its dependencies on
other workspaces. Note anything unexpected: orphaned packages,
duplicated utilities across apps, workspaces nothing imports.

1.2 BUILD AND TYPE HEALTH
Run and record exact output for each:
  npm run build      (or the repo equivalent, per workspace)
  npx tsc --noEmit   (per workspace)
  npm run lint       (per workspace)
Record every error and warning count. Do not summarise as
"builds fine" if there are warnings. Quote the real numbers.

1.3 DEAD AND UNREACHABLE CODE
Identify: unused exports, components imported nowhere, API
endpoints no client calls, Prisma models never queried,
environment variables read but never set, feature flags that are
permanently on or off. List each with its location.

1.4 UNFINISHED WORK MARKERS
Grep the whole repo for TODO, FIXME, HACK, XXX, "temporary",
"placeholder", "for now", "not implemented", "coming soon",
and commented-out blocks longer than five lines.
For each, record: file, line, the marker text, and your judgment
of whether it is cosmetic or load-bearing. Load-bearing means a
user or a payment could hit it.

1.5 SECRETS AND CONFIGURATION
Check for: hardcoded API keys, tokens or passwords anywhere in
tracked files; secrets in client-side bundles (anything under
NEXT_PUBLIC_ that should not be public); .env files committed to
git; and the full list of required environment variables with
which are set, which are missing, and which are documented
nowhere. Do NOT print actual secret values in the report. Report
only the variable name and whether it is present.

1.6 DEPENDENCY HEALTH
Run npm audit and record the real counts by severity. List any
dependency that is unmaintained, deprecated, or more than two
major versions behind. Flag any package that duplicates
functionality already present.

1.7 ERROR HANDLING PATTERNS
Find every place an empty dataset could reach an error boundary
instead of an empty state. Find every catch block that swallows
an error silently. Find every user-facing error message that
could leak a stack trace or internal detail.

1.8 THE EM DASH RULE
The em dash character (U+2014) is banned across the entire
codebase, all three apps, the API, seed data, email templates and
WhatsApp templates. Grep for it and report every occurrence with
file and line. Also confirm whether an ESLint rule and a CI guard
exist for this, and whether their file globs actually cover all
workspaces. A rule that exists but does not cover apps/vendor is
a finding, not a pass.

OUTPUT
Write your findings to /audit/section-a-static.md as working
notes. Do not write the final report yet. Phase 5 compiles it.
Tell me when Phase 1 is complete and give me a three-line
summary of the most serious thing you found.