TASK: Fix the deposit calculation on the catering quote
builder.

OBSERVED ON /catering/new
  Total            £0.00
  Deposit (25%)    £50.00
  Balance          £0.00

Three problems in three lines. 25% of £0.00 is £0.00,
not £50.00. And £0.00 total minus £50.00 deposit does
not give a £0.00 balance. The numbers do not reconcile
with each other under any interpretation.

LIKELY CAUSES TO CHECK
  A hardcoded £50 default deposit
  A minimum deposit floor applied before the total is
    known, rather than after
  A placeholder value left in from development
  Deposit computed from a different state variable than
    the one driving Total

REQUIRED BEHAVIOUR
1. Deposit is always exactly 25% of the event total, per
   vendor terms clause 8.1. Compute in integer pence:
     depositPence = Math.round(totalPence * 0.25)
   Never floats. Never a hardcoded fallback.

2. Balance is always totalPence minus depositPence. Add
   an assertion in the component: if
   deposit + balance !== total, do not render a number,
   render a validation error. A quote that does not add
   up must never reach a customer.

3. When total is zero, all three lines show £0.00 and
   the Save quote button stays disabled. The button
   already appears disabled in this state, which is
   correct, so keep that behaviour.

4. If a minimum deposit rule genuinely exists as a
   business rule, it must be sourced from the Rate
   Schedule, displayed with an explanatory label such as
   "Deposit (25%, minimum £50)", and only applied once
   the total exceeds zero. Confirm whether this rule is
   intended before implementing it. Do not guess.

WHILE IN THIS FILE, THREE SMALLER ITEMS

A. ALLERGEN CHIP LABELS
   Two of the 14 chips are ambiguous against the UK
   regulated allergen list:
     "cereals" should read "cereals containing gluten"
     "nuts" should read "tree nuts"
   Ambiguity here is a food safety issue, not a wording
   preference. A vendor selecting "nuts" may reasonably
   believe it covers peanuts, which is a separate
   regulated allergen and is already its own chip.
   Keep the existing chip styling and colours exactly.

B. QUOTE EXPIRY VALIDATION
   The field defaults to 7 days ahead, which matches the
   terms. But terms clause also requires expiry no later
   than 48 hours before the event. Add validation: when
   the event date is set, clamp the expiry to the earlier
   of 7 days from now and 48 hours before the event, and
   explain the clamp inline.

C. REQUIRED FIELD MARKERS
   No field on this form is marked required, yet Save
   quote is disabled until some condition is met. Mark
   required fields and state what is missing, so the
   vendor is not left guessing why the button is grey.

DO NOT CHANGE ANY COLOURS.

ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA
- Deposit equals exactly 25% of total at every value.
- Deposit plus balance always equals total, asserted.
- A zero total shows £0.00 on all three lines.
- Allergen chips use unambiguous regulated names.